README.md, before:

# How to run a model

## Install through github automatically.

Install this package as follows:

```
pip install -e "git+https://github.com/sara-nl/cortExchange#egg=cortexchange"
```

You can then initialize the predictor as follows:

```Python
from cortexchange.predictor.surf.stop_predictor import StopPredictor

predictor = StopPredictor(device="cpu", model_name="name_of_the_model")
```

If you want to use a different remote host, or specify a new cache path, you can do so as follows:

The model cache will be used to store the to-be-downloaded models. This will then reuse downloaded models on subsequent
runs of the program.

```Python
from cortexchange.wdclient import init_downloader

init_downloader(
    url="https://surfdrive.surf.nl/files/public.php/webdav/",
    login="webdavlogin",
    password="password",
    cache="/your/new/cache/path/.cache"
) 
```

You can run prediction on the given model as follows:

```Python
data = predictor.prepare_data(input_path="/your/input/file.fits")
predictor.predict(data)
```

# Adding new models

## Implement Predictor class

We have a Predictor class which has the following two methods that need to be implemented:

```
def prepare_data(self, data: Any) -> torch.Tensor
def predict(self, data: torch.Tensor) -> Any
```

The prepare data ideally takes a path from which files are read, which would then automatically allow for seamless
integration with the cortexchange-cli tool.

There are also some optional methods that can be implemented:

```Python
def add_argparse_args(parser: argparse.ArgumentParser) -> None
def __init__(self, model_name: str, device: str, *args, your_additional_args=0, **kwargs)
```

Please ensure that your implementation of the `__init__` function can take an arbitrary amount of additional arguments.
We pass all the arguments parsed by the argparser to the `__init__` function.
Adding your model-specific argparser arguments should be done in the `add_argparse_args` method.

Commit message:

Update readme and add listdir command to CLI tool

README.md, after:

# How to run a model

## Install through github automatically.

Install this package as follows:

```
pip install -e "git+https://github.com/sara-nl/cortExchange#egg=cortexchange"
```

## Import and run the preferred model

You can then initialize the predictor as follows:

```Python
from cortexchange.predictor.surf.stop_predictor import StopPredictor

predictor = StopPredictor(device="cpu", model_name="name_of_the_model")
```

If you want to use a different remote host, or specify a new cache path, you can do so as follows:

The model cache will be used to store the to-be-downloaded models. This will then reuse downloaded models on subsequent
runs of the program.

```Python
from cortexchange.wdclient import init_downloader

init_downloader(
    url="https://surfdrive.surf.nl/files/public.php/webdav/",
    login="webdavlogin",
    password="password",
    cache="/your/new/cache/path/.cache"
) 
```

You can run prediction on the given model as follows:

```Python
data = predictor.prepare_data(input_path="/your/input/file.fits")
predictor.predict(data)
```

# Adding new models

You can add new models to the code through the CLI if it uses existing architecture, or create a PR following the below
instructions.

## Implement Predictor class

We have a Predictor class which has the following two methods that need to be implemented:

```Python 
def prepare_data(self, data: Any) -> torch.Tensor:
    ...
    
    
def predict(self, data: torch.Tensor) -> Any:
    ...
```

The prepare data ideally takes a path from which files are read, which would then automatically allow for seamless
integration with the cortexchange-cli tool.

There are also some optional methods that can be implemented:

```Python
@staticmethod
def add_argparse_args(parser: argparse.ArgumentParser) -> None:
    ...


def __init__(self, model_name: str, device: str, *args, your_additional_args=0, **kwargs):
    ...
```

Please ensure that your implementation of the `__init__` function can take an arbitrary amount of additional arguments.
We pass all the arguments parsed by the argparser to the `__init__` function.
Adding your model-specific argparser arguments should be done in the `add_argparse_args` method.

# cortExchange CLI

In the CLI we have a few tools: run, upload, list-group, and create-group.
Upload new models with an existing architecture easily with the `upload` tool.
List existing models in a group with `list-group`. `run` will download and run a single sample quickly.
This can be used to pre-download models, and see if they run on the hardware you have available.
The programmatical approach is better to use for integration with existing workflows, as then you can keep the model
weights loaded between inference passes through the model.
